= garfio

Gem to help write git-hooks focused in automate deployment tasks and committing-workflow hooks

== Usage

  gem install garfio

==== Automate deployment
Paste the following code to your post-receive hook(.git/hooks/post-receive)

  #!/usr/bin/ruby
  require 'garfio'

  hook = Garfio::Hook.new
  # select the path where deployed code will live
  # this is mandatory for bare repositories
  hook.working_dir = '~/backend' 
  # select your stable branch
  hook.working_branch = 'master' 
  hook.exec do
    watch('Gemfile') do
      run 'bundle install'
    end

    watch('bower.json') do
      run 'bower install'
    end

    watch('app/assets/**/*') do
      run 'rake assets:precompile'
    end
  end

==== Check code
Paste the following code to your pre-commit hook(.git/hooks/pre-commit)

  #!/usr/bin/ruby
  require 'garfio'

  print "post-receive\n"

  hook = Garfio::Hook.new
  hook.exec do
    lint('ruby -c', '*.rb')
    lint('jshint', '*.js')
    lint('haml --check , '*.haml')
    lint('sass --check , '*.scss')
  end

== Contributing to garfio

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 Jorge Cuadrado. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

